Subject: IT TRAINING SCHOLARSHIPS
IT TRAINING TUITION SCHOLARSHIPS FOR COLLEGE FACULTY, STUDENTS AND STAFF



National Education Foundation CyberLearning, a non-profit organization
dedicated to bridging the Digital Divide since 1994, is offering "No Excuse"
tuition-free on-line training in Information Technology to the first 10,000
applicants. 

NEF CyberLearning courses, sponsored by the U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE in
the Federal Learning Exchange, have recently been acclaimed as 
"the Best of the Web" in online IT training by the FORBES magazine.  
Two online course programs are available:

1) Personal Computing (300+ self-study and instructor-led courses including
all Microsoft Office, Web Design, Lotus Notes, Internet etc, tuition value
of $3,000) for a $75 registration fee, the only cost.

2)   Information Technology (650+ self-study and instructor-led courses,
including the above and 350+ Certification courses in Microsoft, Cisco,
Oracle, Novell, Web Master etc, tuition value of $6,500) for a $270
registration fee, the only cost.

For either program, registration is valid through June 30, 2001 and there
are no tuition costs for classes.  The registrant receives free unlimited
access to the courses, a vast online library, chat areas, certification
skill tests and evaluations. This is an exceptional value and a great way for
anyone to upgrade IT skills and learn new skills.

To sign up, visit www.cyberlearning.org and click on
"PC Scholarships(300+ Courses)" or click on "IT Scholarships (650+
Courses)." Then, complete the "Teachers and Others in Education" application.
Manycolleges, schools and other educational organizations reimburse the
training registration fee. Over 5,000 educators, faculty and students
have already registered.

To bridge the Digital Divide, NEF also provides "No Excuse" IT training
scholarships to disadvantaged school and college students and teachers
throughout the Nation.

Please forward this information to all interested colleagues and others in
education, colleges, universities and schools.
