Subject: The Internet Spy Guide! Find Out Info About Anyone!

READY TO KNOW:

CONFEDENTIAL:

The SOFTWARE they want BANNED in all 50 STATES.

WHY? Because these secrets were never intended to reach your eyes...Get FACTS on ANYONE using the internet!!!

Locate Missing Persons, find Lost Relatives, obtain Adresses and Phone Numbers of old school friends, even Skip Trace Dead Beat Spouses.

This is not a Private Investigator, but a sophisticated SOFTWARE program DESIGNED to automatically CRACK YOUR CASE with links to thousands of Public Record Databases.

Find out SECRETS about your relatives, friends, enemies, and everyone else!--even your Spouse! With the New:


                      INTERNET SPY AND YOU

It's absolutely astounding! Here's what you can learn:

Liscense Plate Number!

Get anyones name and address with just a liscense plate number!
(Find that girl you met in traffic!!!)

Driving Record!
Get anyones driving record!

Social security number!
Trace anyone by social security number!

Address!
Get anyone's address with just a name!

Unlisted phone numbers!
Get anyone's phone number with just a name-even unlisted numbers!

Locate!
Long lost friends, relatives, a past lover who broke your heart!

E-mail!
Send anonymous e-mail completely untraceable!

Dirty secrets!
Discover dirty secrets your in-laws don't want you to know!

Investigate anyone!
Use the sources that private investigators use (all on the Internet) secretly!

Ex-spouse!
Learn how to get information on an ex-spouse that will help you
win in court!  (Dig up old skeletons)

Criminal search-Backround check!
Find out about your daughters boyfriend! (or her husband)

Find out!
If you are being investigated!

Neighbors!
Learn all about your mysterious neighbors! Find out what they
have to hide!

People you work with!
Be astonished by what you'll learn about people you work with!

Education verification!
Did he really graduate college?  Find out!

Internet Spy and You
Software will help you discover ANYTHING about anyone, with
clickable hyperlinks and no typing in Internet addresses! Just
insert the floppy disk and Go!

You will be shocked and amazed by the secrets that can be
discovered about absolutely everyone! Find out the secrets
they don't want you to know! About others, about yourself!

It's INCREDIBLE what you can find out using Internet Spy and You
and the Internet! You'll be riveted to your computer screen!
Get the software they're trying to ban! Before it's too late!

LIMITED TIME OFFER: ORDER TODAY!

Only $24.95 US Check or Money Order


